The private video of Lu Gongzi and his new love is leaked out
The scandal a few days ago was self-defeating
As for this new love, no wonder he resigned
It turned out to be climbing a high branch
If it weren't for you?
He is still young today
What about the makeup artist who was passed by Meng cactus?
Fortunately, the scandal cleared up
Thanks to Lu Enterprises' Assistant Chen
The photos sent are for comparison.
This is completely clarified
However, our relationship with Lu Enterprises has always been good
We and his project
All 8 managers I sent were scolded back
He scolded the manager.
It's okay, Uncle Luo
I'll go find him.
I didn't bring the contract
Last month, you and the beautiful woman of Down's, do you understand?
How can there be a way to talk about business as soon as you come up?
People arrived in person
Would you like a drink?
Drink one, drink one, drink one, you feed me
Oh roar hahahaha
Isn't this Miss Tang?
My brother Zhou likes beautiful women the most
You're here, I need a good drink
Stay with Miss Tang this weekend
Come on, beautiful woman
I don't drink. I don't drink
How can I remember that Miss Tang is massive
Although you are young, don't forget how you got here today
Of course I remember.
Miss Tang treats me like a dog
Give it away if you want
I just came to thank you today
Hahaha beautiful woman come on hahaha
Miss Tang is too rude to my girlfriend
Girlfriend Miss Tang has an opinion
I'm just listening to your request.
Redeem what you want
People are so scared
Little girl is alright
Got it.
Doesn't Mr. Lu just want me to drink? I drink
How boring is drinking alone?
Come, brother, accompany you, let's drink together, you dare to come
Miss Tang came to talk to me about business today
Should know
There is no such thing as a free lunch
I can help you.
What exchange do you want?
What do you mean?
Treasure project or
Stop.
I see.
I disturbed you.